Add support lifecycle, update Choco requirements (#699)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/information/support-lifecycle.md

---
Order: 15
xref: support-lifecycle
Title: Product Support Lifecycle and Supported Operating Systems
Description: Information about which versions of Chocolatey products are supported, and the operating systems they're supported on.
---

## Product Support Lifecycle

> All of the latest released stable versions of Chocolatey products are fully supported and will periodically receive new features, bug fixes, and security fixes as appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the latest released stable versions of Chocolatey products (e.g. Chocolatey CLI, Chocolatey GUI, Chocolatey Central Management, etc) are fully supported and will periodically receive new features, bug fixes, and security fixes as appropriate.
```

We recommend customers update to the latest versions to benefit from new features and fixes as they are released.

### Pre-v1.0 Products

For any products that have not yet reached v1.0, **only the latest version is supported**.

> We will continue to add features, fix bugs, and address security concerns as normal while we work towards a v1.0 release.

Reviewer: I came into this page thinking Chocolatey CLI. So it took a moment before I was clear we were talking about more than just CLI. Not sure if it should be more explicitly called out in the Product Support Lifecycle summary as an example (like `Chocolatey products (e.g. Chocolatey CLI, Chocolatey GUI, etc)`) just to help reframe my (and others) mind when I come into this page.

Author: Yeah, that's a good idea, I'll add that. :)

### Version 1.0+ Products

Once a product reaches v1.0, we recommend customers move to that version as soon as possible.
We will not continue to support v0.x versions once a product reaches v1.0.

### Version 2.0+ Products

Once a product reaches the second major release, the following will apply:

1. We will support the previous major version with **security fixes** for licensed customers.

>    - For example: at v2.0, v1.x versions of the product will receive security fixes; at v3.0, only v2.0x versions of the product will continue to receive security fixes.

Reviewer: Small inconsistency between v1.x and v2.0x - not sure which might have been a typo.

> 1. We will support the previous major version for bug fixes for licensed customers for 6 months following the release of the next major version.

Reviewer: Also, with this, should we spell out `6`?

> 1. We will support the previous major version for bug fixes for licensed customers for 6 months following the release of the next major version.

Author: Yeah, I think you're right. Perhaps if we specify "non-breaking" bug fixes to clarify here might be a good idea? Otherwise it'll just raise more questions than it answers, I think.

> 1. We will support the previous major version for bug fixes for licensed customers for 6 months following the release of the next major version.

Reviewer: Either could raise questions. So I'm six to one and half dozen to the other for what we put there. I just don't want what could be perceived as a blanket statement for bug fixes.

> 1. We will support the previous major version for bug fixes for licensed customers for 6 months following the release of the next major version.

Reviewer: I like what you did there when I saw the update. Resolving.

1. No new features will be backported to the previous major version.

## Supported Windows Versions

Chocolatey products' support for Windows operating systems follows Microsoft's support lifecycle: if the Windows version is supported by Microsoft, Chocolatey products are supported on that version of Windows.

> This information is up to date as of April 2023.

Reviewer: Good call out  on when this list was last updated.

---
Order: 15
xref: support-lifecycle

> Title: Support Lifecycle and Supported Operating Systems

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Title: Product Support Lifecycle and Supported Operating Systems
```

Author: Done!

> Description: Information about which versions of Chocolatey are supported, and the operating systems they're supported on.

Reviewer 2: Can we use the proper product name here?

Author: Changed to `Chocolatey products` for now.

---

## Product Support Lifecycle

> All current released stable versions of Chocolatey products are fully supported and will periodically receive new features, bug fixes, and security fixes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All of the latest released stable versions of Chocolatey products are fully supported and will periodically receive new features, bug fixes, and security fixes as appropriate.
```

Author: Updated.

> We recommend customers update to newly released minor and patch versions as soon as they are able, in order to benefit from new features and fixes as they are released.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend customers update to the latest versions to benefit from new features and fixes as they are released.
```

Author: Updated.

### Pre-v1.0 Products

For any products that have not yet reached v1.0, **only the latest version is supported**.
We will continue to add features, fix bugs, and address security concerns as normal while we work towards a v1.0 release.

### Version 1.0+ Products

Once a product reaches v1.0, we recommend customers move to that version as soon as possible.
We will not continue to support v0.x versions once a product reaches v1.0.

### Version 2.0+ Products

Once a product reaches the second major release, the following will apply:

1. We will support the previous major version with **security fixes** for licensed customers.
   - For example: at v2.0, v1.x versions of the product will receive security fixes; at v3.0, only v2.0x versions of the product will continue to receive security fixes.

>    - We _may_ issue security fixes for FOSS versions, on a case-by-case basis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Removed.
